Description of the layout (.Zlt) encoding file:

The file encodes relevant information related to a railway infrastructure
layout in human readable text.
Several stations can be encoded in the same file.

General rules:
    1) There shall exist no leading or trailing white spaces
    2) There shall exist no empty paragraphs
    3) When several statements are inserted on the same line, they are separated
        by white spaces. This includes standard keys
    4) Station names are 3 uppercase characters long (no white spaces)
    5) Block names are 8 or 9 uppercase characters long (no white spaces)

Each line of the file starts with a standard key. Rules will be explained in
the description of each key:

1) BLOCK
    Description:
        States the existance of a block entity.
        There is no encoding of block sub elements, it serves only to make possible
        operations involving exits of stations.
    Rules:
        After the BLOCK key, insert the block name.
        The block name is as follows:
            Block with normal direction:
                CE"Station_1""Station_2""Direction"
                e.g. CESAOMELD
                Station_1 and Station_2 depend on the block's normal direction.
                Station_1 is the departure station.
                Direction is the letter "A" or "D", for ascending or descending.
            Block without normal direction:
                CE"Station_1""Station_2"
                e.g. CEBPFMAF
                Station_1 and Station_2 assume an ascending direction.
                Station_1 is the departure station.
                
2) STATION
    Description:
        States the existance of a station entity. All other keys except for BLOCK
        are dependent on a STATION key. This hierarchical relationship is described 
        by the key position throughout lines. Every key under a STATION key is 
        attributed to the above station, until another STATION key is stated, or a
        BLOCK key is stated.
    Rules:
        After the STATION key, insert the 3 character station name
            
3) SECTION
    Description:
        Describes a track section. It can only exist under a STATION key. All other
        keys except for BLOCK and STATION are dependent on a SECTION key.
        This hierarchical relationship is described by the key position throughout
        lines. Every key under a SECTION key is attributed to the above section,
        until another SECTION key is stated, or a BLOCK/STATION key is stated.
        
4) NODE
    Description:
        Describes a node of a track section. A section must have at least one node,
            without any predefined limit of its number of nodes.
            For ordinary sections (equiped qith train detection systems), a node is
            a point where a section ends, and potentially interfaces with another section.
            For sections without detection, or groups of sections without detection, the 
            node is the point of interface with sections containing detection equipment.
            
            The syntax required by the NODE key is dependent on the type of node it encodes.
            
                1) Ordinary node (between detectes, fully connected sections):
                    NODE [node_letter] [node PK] [connected section] [connected section node letter]
                    
                2) Terminal node: 
                    NODE [node_letter] [node PK]
                    
                Note: sections without detection shall have only the interface node encoded
                    (these sections will have only one node encoded, irrespective of them
                    being terminal or groups of no detection sections)
        